[Doc] Update interacting with external arrays (#3000)
taichi-dev/taichi: docs/lang/articles/basic/external.md

helpful.

We provide various interfaces to copy the data between Taichi fields and
external arrays. External arrays refer to NumPy arrays or PyTorch tensors.

> Let's take a look at the most common usage, interacting with NumPy arrays:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's take a look at the most common usage: interacting with NumPy arrays.
```

helpful.

We provide various interfaces to copy the data between Taichi fields and
external arrays. External arrays refer to NumPy arrays or PyTorch tensors.

> The most typical case may be copying between Tachi
> fields and Numpy arrays. Let's take a look at two examples below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Let's take a look at the most common usage, interacting with NumPy arrays:
```

> **Export data in Taichi fields to a NumPy array** via `to_numpy()`. This

Reviewer 2: A few nits. As I cannot insert suggested changes for unmodified lines so I put the suggested version here:
````md
- **Export data in Taichi fields to NumPy arrays** via `to_numpy()`. This
allows us to export computation results to other Python packages that
support NumPy, e.g. `matplotlib`:

```python {8}
@ti.kernel
def my_kernel():
   for i in x:
      x[i] = i * 2
x = ti.field(ti.f32, 4)
my_kernel()
x_np = x.to_numpy()
print(x_np)  # np.array([0, 2, 4, 6])
```

- **Import data from NumPy arrays to Taichi fields** via `from_numpy()`.
This allows us to initialize Taichi fields via NumPy arrays:
````

```

- For vector fields, if the vector is `n`-D, then **the shape of NumPy

>   array should be** `(field_shape, vector_n)`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  array should be** `(*field_shape, vector_n)`:
```

Here we should keep the `*` because it means unrolling a tuple.

field.from_numpy(array)  # the input array must be of shape (233, 666, 3)
```

- For matrix fields, if the matrix is `n`-by-`m` (`n x m`), then **the shape of NumPy

> array should be** `(field_shape, matrix_n, matrix_m)`:

Reviewer 2: ditto

```python

> field = ti.Matrix.field(3, 4, ti.i32, shape=(233, 666))

Reviewer 2: What about changing `233, 666` to normal numbers like `256, 512`?
